You are quite the magician, thank you.
No. I can't believe what.
I can't believe we did that that I did that,
that that were alive at the chase T.
T. Thank you. And thank you for getting me out
of there.
Aladdin isn't it. You're welcome,
I'm I'm dalia. Dia. From the Palace.
How could you tell? Well,
only someone from the Palace get afford a bracelet like
that an that soak lining is imported to it comes
from the merchant,
both straight to the Palace but.
Not the servants. At least not most servants,
which means you. Are hand made to the Princess?
Impressive, think that's impressive. You should see the city from
up there.
Agrapha It's so beautiful I should get out more.
You should tell the Princess to get out more.
The people haven't seen her in years.
They won't let her. Ever since my.
The Queen was killed. The sultan's been afraid,
so she's kept locked away.
Seems everyone's been afraid since then,
but the people have argued about had nothing to do
with that.
The people love their. They did,
didn't they? Is this yours?
It's kind of borrowed. My mother told me that song.
Mine too. So I remember.
And what about your father?
I lost them both when I was young.
Been on my own ever since.
It's alright, it's just what.
It's a little sad. Having a monkey is the only
parental authority in your life.
We get by. Every day I just.
Think things will be different,
but it never seems to change.
Sometimes I feel like I'm trapped.
Like you can't escape that you were born into.
Yes. I have to get back to the Palace now.